writers toolkit: test docs (#654)
grafana/writers-toolkit: docs/sources/review/test-documentation-changes/index.md

{{< docs/shared source="writers-toolkit" lookup="make-help.md" >}}

> To run the local documentation web server, run `make docs` from the `docs/` directory. The output message will include a URL that you can follow to visualize the changes to the documentation in the browser. See the [example of a successful build](#example-succesful-build)

Author: applied suggestion

> To run the local documentation web server, run `make docs` from the `docs/` directory. The output message should include a URL that you can follow to visualize the changes to the documentation in the browser. See the [example of a successful build](#example-succesful-build)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the local documentation web server, run `make docs` from the `docs/` directory. The output message should include a URL that you can follow to view the changes to the documentation in the browser. See the [example of a successful build](#example-succesful-build).
```

Author: thanks for the edits @JStickler !

- _`LANGUAGE`_ may be present
- _`MESSAGE`_ is the issue

> ### Example: Succesful build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example: Successful build
```

> If the `make docs` command runs correctly, the console should print a message similar to the following"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `make docs` command runs correctly, the console should print a message similar to the following:
```

> If the `make docs` command runs correctly, the console should print the following message at the bottom.

Reviewer: Slight edit, as not everyone works on the Grafana docs.

```suggestion
If the `make docs` command runs correctly, the console should print a message similar to the following"
```

- _`LANGUAGE`_ may be present
- _`MESSAGE`_ is the issue

> ### Example: Succesful build

Author: fair point, i don't know if "successful" it's technically accurate.
wdyt @jdbaldry ?

> If the `make docs` command runs correctly, the console will print the following message at the bottom.

Author: applied suggestion
